# December 2017

<ol type="I">
  <li>Board currently has 9 members, discussing adding more</li>
    <ol type="A">
    <li>move discussion to GitHub for more public transparency</li>
      <ol type="1">
      	<li>CFA has been asking about this process so that would help there</li>
      </ol>
    	<li>Big boards don’t do much except keep tabs on stuff and report back to smaller groups</li>
    <li>Suggests leaving 2 slots available for partner organization representatives</li>
      <ol type="1">
          <li>If made ex-officio members no voting capabilities but part of the board</li>
      </ol>
    </ol>
    <li>Move core member meeting notes onto GitHub</li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>Not necessary for non-profit but good for transparency and it helps to document the entire process</li>
      <li>Structure for meeting notes</li>
      <ol type="1">
        <li>README can link to individual ones</li>
        <li>Sub-readmes also expand inside folders but they have to be called readme</li>
      </ol>
    </ol>
    <li>Non-profit status update</li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>Closing bylaws discussion by end of next week</li>
      <li>Put out the word that bylaws will be formally adopted by next week</li>
        <ol type="1">
          <li>Obv still a living document</li>
        </ol>
      <li>CoC</li>
        <ol type="1">
          <li>Has been adopted, everyone has to sign it </li>
        </ol>
      <li>Next step is likely filing</li>
        <ol type="1">
          <li>Ask Chris to be certain we can file</li>
        </ol>
    </ol>
    <li>#HackTheVille</li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>Now on Tuesdays! (Well, starting in 2018)</li>
      <li>LouieLab booked for 3rd Tuesday every month 6pm-8pm</li>
      <li>Next one on the 18th of December</li>
    </ol>
    <li>Core Members meeting</li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>First Tuesday every month</li>
      <li>Louie Lab</li>
      <li>6:30pm - 8:30pm</li>
    </ol>
    <li>Board needs to meet quarterly per the bylaws</li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>Should likely meet before or after core member meeting on same day</li>
      <li>Likely won’t have standing issues, will get issues passed up to them, us</li>
      <li>If a specific timely issue crops up, can call a special meeting of the board</li>
    </ol>
    <li>Food Insecurity Hackathon</li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>Saturday of Valentine’s Day week - 17th (no multiday this time)</li>
      <li>Multi-site hackathon since there are many organizations involved</li>
      <li>We will have some pre-sourced ideas for how to address food insecurity in Louisville</li>
      <ol type="1">
      	<li>Need to do market research for that</li>
      </ol>
      <li>Humana is going to handle pretty much everything as far as food goes</li>
      <ol type="1">
      	<li>We will need to have volunteers partnered with Metro to facilitate on various sites</li>
        <ol type="a">
        	<li>Likely helping with Git/GitHub knowledge</li>
        	<li>Get into using accounts and using the GUI, not even dealing with the command line</li>
        </ol>
      </ol>
    </ol>
    <li>District 8 Hackathon</li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>January 13th</li>
      <li>At Bellarmine, finalizing which classrooms then will advertise</li>
      <li>Do not need to organize food, just promote and volunteer</li>
      <li>Several project ideas have been floating around</li>
        <ol type="1">
          <li>Terrible parking in that area, project to help alleviate</li>
          <li>Senior population may not be as up to date because not receiving info from metro council as easily as younger people, project to help inform</li>
        </ol>
    </ol>
    <li>Open Data Ordinance</li>
    <ol type="A">
    	<li>Discussed outreach for mayoral candidates</li>
    </ol>
    <li>Projects </li>
    <ol type="A">
      <li>Web portal for Mijente</li>
      <li>Data-portal</li>
      <ol type="1">
        <li>Used to have instance on data.civicdatalliance.org but need new mirror</li>
        <li>Anthony will look at spinning it up</li>
      </ol>
      <li>Calendar</li>
      <ol type="1">
        <li>Leigh will make issue on GitHub for getting finalized data JSON to pull from</li>
      </ol>
      <li>City Agent</li>
      <ol type="1">
        <li>Holding on while Michael checks to see if they have an API key we can use</li>
        <li>All in JS</li>
        <li>Allows people to submit 311 tickets through an Alexa or Google Home (or other device).</li>
        <ol type="1">
          <li>Eventually will be able to use to get any sort of government information</li>
          <li>Concern for voice recognition accuracy but won’t know extent of issue until we build it</li>
        </ol>
        <li>Just need MVP and we can make it more accurate as we move forward</li>
      </ol>
      <li>IoT Voter registration</li>
      <ol type="1">
        <li>in limbo because we do not have access to up-to-date data</li>
      </ol>
    </ol>
</ol>